we know amalgam also what
copy-paste modified improved finger this
what has become of this inspiration
thank you already for the opportunity you
offer me to be able to talk to
Internet users
I would say that this inspiration is
first divine it would be a crime
of lèse majesté that not to first
pay tribute to the very one who
so gave us that to the essence of the
life
and secondly I would also say that this
is one of my games saying all of my
follies and others because I like
also set the mood around me
I also like amused the gallery in crisis
as it says but firstly it's
an inspiration that my faith and divine
to say that it would therefore necessarily be my
own person I could have put on
paper first because what we
could should know is that
writing is also an inspiration
every work of art is divine
so I was first that this
inspiration comes from god momo the gone
we know irrgang there has not been
particular apprehension because we
was not afraid to face I regain
also they're doing right now I do not
I do not want to fight yoro gang or game
anybody I would say everything
just face a universe on
knows very well also a situation
that our country has lived we are
currently trying to
stand out i would even say that we are
on a very good track the
apprehensions yes there were some there
will always have one there will be some
people who may come to you
to discourage
some will also say that you have not
not afraid of you I was in that thing
because it's a little political I
tell me I did not touch any edge
policy
quite the opposite I try to bring my
modest contribution to the relaxation
because the more I use I mean
politics is used to make it
of humor
I also think that the better
to to left sir who do not speak
right sir is good laugh
together a bit like football so
to be able to forget a little bit everything
that there are like palaver and other
now after if they want to come back
on political debates so much better
if they also want to put them to
cupboard
it's also good for me next to this
that can be drawn as the good
mood
the particularity of the free of charge
single one wanted to do what books for
all but also humor all this
well I would say that free of charge
you have to know you have to take it under
pretty crazy look pretty left
free of the single because good
many people said go ahead wind
the wind the wine the but I mean that
it's like that too in the game because
we also know that piracy
today we know how is it
Piracy touches the artistic milieu
and therefore say a host abena nb by
example that this single is free to
because of the pirates
I would say that it sounds stupid but
likewise a lot of people
have approached me a facebook box for me
to say but it's not too bad as an idea
because selling a single for free
this is done in the United States or
to go see that for example a
third person like that a
artist to an album he will not do it
go out directly
he will go molo molo that is to say out
two singles three months after six months
after after consumption of this first
single out of the second single
so as president I will say everything
just that that's it also allows
it's a contribution in order to be able
so help the artists
I simply ask them
to use that kind of tactics there so
simply to allow us
matches and here is artist today
comedian it means that the bridge
from the microphone of the animator to the
radio now up to the microphone of
the comedian said francis down I would say
that we are trying to
to cross the bridge the proof is that the
third bridge is not over yet
will soon booklet to all
Ivorians so the animation turns on
humor to animation I would say everything
simply that there is not a big gap
except that you just have to know
adapt I'm the water has been doing since
soon five years
I hope I will still have your
trust give me your trust I
will necessarily give you the same
Here chance to 2d if you were a
book for you to complete a wahou corner
if I were a book I would ask everything
just all those people to whom
may have a
in claw the chance to read me from
remember can be the joy of living
a young man who decided so thoroughly
it is to darken to darken I do not want
head down but also listening to the
different tips on both sides
like what there is only one life there
must live it thoroughly but live thoroughly
does not mean that one has to indulge in
libertinism behind the mask dallas
cowboys who behind the mask dallas
cowboys this is the person you see
through your your screen on the screen of
your computer in young vital records
man mission wilfried emmanuel I am
doing my little man's
path in the trade in trades
let's talk about audiovisual and we hope
why not someday reach this for
what and we decided we
launch in this medium there we say that in
the cap in the pocket also he did
not that there is talk of a
misunderstanding clearing okay I'm going
so ask permission at large
brother paul dokui first allow 1
it's a shame the proof is in you
did not see here my white hair
it's very simple yumbo shirt so I
ask big brother paul dokui if
present target interviewed with his
cap so help animator
presenter journalists actually I
can come please maubeuge or
under big flakes
it's not going to be cooked so I can
door to the brothers angeloun pitchouns and very
happy to be of your o'nel armor
mala there he saw me comes to their aid
families chase them the same time
best it's the same no tempe and
poor
god bless you my brother if I continue
to sing people will think that I am
doing a cancer god you
bless
didier wheatou come you can come and burn
good evening hello that goes without saying
depending on the time at which you are
following this show you
are tired not good I leave the rest
of a 6 thank you thank you I think that 1 has
practically finished
what I basically do a little brother
a younger brother who presents the voice
right now on tf1 she decided also
to become
but hey it's true that usually the
sees white on TV but hey and if he has
decided simply to put a little
black paint on the face so
so to do original is nikos
aliagas of tf1 nikos you can come
thank you sir president good evening tonight
they are fourteen 14 that say they are
fourteen so tonight to participate in the
voc on tf1 it's gone you look zouk
it's at least over 30
characters we are trying to interpret
who knows maybe one day gold the
chance why not flaunt
all we have in the belly
thank you to thank you also rti point cy
and then god bless the coast
ivory